and there people here who speaks is paulo
with more other language then it's today I'll go
make a very simple video lesson about
how to uninstall computer programs
too easy I do not know of any
problem is for example the program
trash and is the third
this little foot here is 16 under the program
this garbage comes together
Look at this bullshit here.
computer memory does not protect shit
none and only this gets change install
the update that they occupy more
memory still only for computer chip
same
This is a door here, he says that
Your computer is protected from
computer he strip protects shit
no good advice you always erase
this shit that when it comes together then
Let's go there for you to pay for
example today I will want for the game is
much exercise simulator that I have
I 'm already tired of you coming here in the
start menu oab control panel
all here the data
you see problems in resources
maybe the computer you're lonely
program or anything of the kind to you
programs or programs
another option is the name may be
different
O there's all in alphabetical order began
here with aeb cê it's here 28 isaf
trick
I want to pay for this game or click with the
right button the tennis player will change
It does not matter if you click the
right click and install because
you just click on it and click
here if you install this fire regulator motor
and
This is a lot easier than you guys.
You have to find the game folder there.
on my computer and the bigeye I was doing
So try to figure it out , I'll go.
give a yes in case this game
It's okay to pay everyone from ours that was
to extract soon finished quickly today
here's what it means to pay then ok
ready
the game is no longer just on the computer
I came here in games that my peace had
I'll talk about simpson colider simple
quick and that's it people I listened to
girl, I want to ask you for
Please ie sign on my channel
Post comments on games and questions
that you want so I will be
making video lessons with explanation and
games to download for you is good and is
That's because I liked it, please
Thank you to leave until the next spoke